Congratulations to the host
Poison solved
You can be alive and kicking
I am toxin-free overnight
It's no wonder that Bo Si doesn't doubt it
No, I have to run
Miss Qu
I am the personal doctor who arranged for Young Master Yan to check for you.
I'll take your blood to check for toxins.
I don't need to check
I think I'm fine.
No problem.
You just need to eat.
Bye
Miss Qu, how can I explain this to Young Master Yan?
Yeah.
Hello, Master Yan
Isn't it weird?
It is impossible for a normal person to eliminate toxins in one night.
OK
Oh, I see.
Hello
Why refuse to check?
because
I said I wouldn't pester you anymore
Naturally, I can't accept the person you arranged.
As you like.
Anyway, we won't have anything to do with each other in the future
What is Xiao Qi Bo Siyan doing now?
Host Bo Siyan is having dinner with Mu Yoyo
Yoyo Ki
Who is Mu Yoyo, the eldest lady of the Gu family of Haicheng's wealthy family?
Bo Siyan was in exile
When teenagers are poor
Mu Youyou used to be half-grateful to him
Later, Bo Siyan was retrieved by the state for two intentional connections
So now Mu Youyou is Bo Siyan's fiancee who has not been officially engaged
Since you are not engaged yet
How can you be called a fiancee?
Xiaoqi
You need to be more careful with your words
What is the host called?
Call at most
Ordinary real-world friends
Xiaoqi
Send me more information about Mu Yoyo.